Welcome back my students a staff for us to make this 100 percent.
We're not 100 percent because you know to be honest there is a lot of ways that we can prove our registration
form.
We can put notifications were colors we can't color all this put it in read by including a class and
that's very easy to create with bootstrap.
We can you know we can do a lot of things to our form release endless possibilities out there but we
are almost finished with we're what I wanted to show you the I think for some of you you learn a lot
and there's a section here so let's finish it up.
All right.
So we are ready should the user but we are not redirecting them.
We're not loading them in and redirecting them to admin right now yet.
So let's go to our registration that BHB And right below here we are going to log in the user and we
can make this function even more flexible if we use our creative imagination.
All right but I'm going to leave that to you because what I'm what this course is all about is about
you guys using thinking outside the box.
You know how can you make this better.
How can you refactor this in such a way that it makes that is different.
Angevin and works a lot better.
Right.
So we get a log in the user here.
Let's go to functions real quick.
Make sure that in logging user here you are getting the password I think I had e-mail before.
Supposed to be password so make sure that it is password right.
All right so that's password there.
And here we're good.
Let's go back here.
And I think another change that I want to do here is shouldn't be using this head or function we already
have a little custom function that we created for that and this one is the redirect.
Well we want to just want to go to the root as well we put it forward slash there and then we want to
go to admin.
All right.
This is going to help us go to where we need to go all the time without you know
missing the target.
And this one is just going to go to that stuff.
And that's it.
I think what should be done with this here.
Like I said there's a lot of more improvements just to give you an idea in register use or you could
if you want to create an if statement here and say listen if the my SU ally affect the rose equals one
that means something was inserted into the database.
I want you to log in the user you know and you know just call the function from here for register user
and do the redirect right here if you want to if you don't want to put the function right here.
All right is up to you.
Leaving you room here so you can make this better.
All right.
So I'm going to refresh this.
And when I come up with some really cool names for our users.
All right.
So how bow to Allah.
Is that a good name guys.
If I can spell that right Lou piola.
All right.
So if you are name Lupi law send me an e-mail because I have never heard of anybody named Lupica.
Just send me an email please.
I want to get to know you.
All right.
So we try to submit this.
There is nothing going on.
Of course I mean everything is empty here.
Let's just give.
And she does not work for courting Fox with the guys.
All right let's this.
Let's say she was born in 2000 actually 1978 her son died.
They actually azing hundreds because you know anyway Lissa's uster loopy Lupica in there we go Lupi
lies raised her great let's look out and let's see if we can look we even have autocomplete right here
which is cool.
And let's see if we can log in.
We are now logging her in.
All right there we go.
She's able to log and you see that.
So if she doesn't know again is being redirected back here.
Same thing with registration.
If we are able to.
Of course we're going to be able to register once they go through our validation.
They're going to be able to register and we're going to be able to log in without any problems.
But anyway that's it for this section here.
Hopefully you like it.
You know I'm looking into putting more things in the course.
And of course you are welcome to check out my all the course of which are going to make your BHB skills
a lot better.
But anyway thank you so much for watching guys.
I'll see you in the next lectures or course.
Take care.